people go two jabs in Haiti seven
percent of americans and guess what
and they pray they don't get fired host
that Smith that's no way to live
that's why you're here yes then no what
no I ain't going out like this you and
people think you crazy and you all got
me crazy then you got to be out of your
mind my favorite books and let that mind
be in you you got to have another mining
you said I got this this is my life I
own this i'm going to call the shots
here nobody's gonna tell me how much I'm
worth what time I can take a lunch break
I'm not going to anybody and ask for
permission to take my family on vacation
no no I got this
I've got a vehicle i can take me to
another place that's why you said yes
give yourselves a round of applause mr.
watch examples around transform your
mindset number two he said practice let
us say together oqp write this down only
quality people only quality people you
don't want everybody in your
organization you want only quality
people there's nothing else he said Mr
Brown yes Sarah and this is what we're
going to do in this presentation that's
called presentation power he said
develop your communication skills how
you present yourself how you sell
yourself he said once you open your
mouth you tell the world who you all and
then he said something else let's stay
together with conviction I want
everybody to join me on this
let us sit together you gotta be hungry
then again you gotta be hungry
he said what do you want to do with your
life young man's that's not one of my
mother home
he said you gotta be hungry I said what
do you mean by that is that people are
hungry are willing to do the things
today others won't do in order to have
the thing tomorrow others won't have he
said people that are hungry are
relentless people that are hungry
unstoppable people that are hungry
refused to give up
people are hungry no excuse is
acceptable for not making that dream
become a reality is that i'm hungry so
I'm hungry to take care of my mother I'm
hundred if you'll never have to play
another bill once i turn 18 and she
hasn't mr. Washington hungry sir for
another life
I'm not gonna die here in Liberty City I
want to travel so wanna see the world
said you could do that to you said
practice oqp only quality people if you
run around with nine broke people he
said I guarantee you you'll become
number 10
it's a work on your mind so listen to
these audio programs i'm giving you
every day will in turn a dare to be
great everyday dr. norman vincent peale
jim rohn everyday Ziggler program your
mind mr.
he said how do you plan to buy your
mother home I Sarah want to become a
disc jockey he says that right is yes
sir that's good he said work on your
mind your car keys
what what what do you want me to do with
this at lunchtime going my car turn on
the radio and listen to Paul hobby why
he's the world's greatest communicator
you want to be successful yes sir he
says listen and studied people that are
great communicators that's the key to
controlling your future i said but
that's at lunchtime in order to be
successful you have to be hungry
you've got to be willing to do the
things a day others won't do are you
willing to do that to be successful to
buy your mother home
yes there yes sir and that's what you
have done
you've got some goals that you want to
gene there's some things that you want
to do and you've said yourself I'm
willing to face to nose
you said yourself I'm willing for people
laugh at me you said yourself I'm
willing to cut this out
you said yourself I'm willing to make
this happen you said yourself I'm gonna
do whatever it takes to build this
business I can do it if anybody's ever
done any point in time in history that
was possible for one it's possible for
me and I'm gonna do it
also she said yourself
he said listen to Paul Harvey every day
so you want to be a discharge yes sir
because i want you to create your format
what will your personality be what style
you're going to have to wait a minute I
want to be a disc jockey I don't have a
job yet and then he said something is
that it's better to be prepared for an
opportunity and not have one then have
an opportunity and not be prepared
he said you got to expect to become
successful let's stay together
I expect to win i expect increased my
recruitment
I expect to be a great presenter I
expect to become a millionaire
it's my time it's possible it's
necessary
it's me it's hard it's worth it she said
if you know the wife or living you can
do almost any harm your homework
assignment write down five reasons that
will make it worth it for you
so when the tough times come and they're
going to come when you feel like you
can't see the light at the end of the
tunnel and that's a part of the process
your reasons will be your rod and staff
to comfort you to take you through the
storms of life he told me you want to be
a disc job practice on your
communication skills visualize yourself
talking to thousands of people mr. ball
see yourself on stage presenting be
willing to invest in yourself
Warren Buffett was being interviewed by
financial analyst on CNN said what's the
most important investment a person can
make today warren buffett a billion it
has billions of dollars in the stock
market billions of dollars in
real-estate he looked at the reporters
that the most important investment you
can make is in yourself
the reason you're here the reason you
invested your money your time and energy
and transportation and the room and all
the cost of the so-called tough economy
because you have the mindset of a
billionaire you know investing in
yourself you are your most treasured
asset give yourselves a round of
applause come on bring energy level
ok
so I said Mr Brown I've done all that I
can do for you
you got to go out and face the music you
go for the things I've taught you and
make it happen i went to WM radio
station Miami Beach Walton butterball
Swift is the program director hello mr.
butterball my name is less sponsor I
like to get this job is that young man
you have any journalist in your
background will start don't you have any
experience in broadcasting
no sir I don't but I practice every day
let me edition for you let me show you
how good I am
he says no we don't have any job honey
I've been rejected raise your hands
I was devastated with rejection i went
back mr. Washington said mr. Washington
is that know is that don't take it
personally
most people are so negative they have to
say no seven times before they say yes
he said you gotta be hungry go back
again I said yes sir i went back again
hello mr. butterball how are you sir my
name is les brown so I like to be a disc
jockey is that I know what your name is
want you here yesterday
yes sir did not tell you know yesterday
yes sir he said then why are you back
today as well sir I didn't know whether
or not somebody was laid off with
somebody was fired sir don't want to
Madoff a fine i get on out of here
I came back the next day talking loud
looking happy like I'm seeing it for the
first time as it always the butterball
how are you my name is less round so I
like to get this jacket that I know what
your name is
weren't you here the last two days I
said yes sir
then I tell you know the last two days I
said yes sir he said why you back today
is it sir I don't know where that's the
one got sick of someone died sir
he said no one got sick and died no one
was laid off I don't you come back here
again I came back the next eight talking
about looking happy I got singing for
the first time I said on the support of
all how are you he looked at me with
rage he said go get me some coffee is
that you're so
my favorite books that the greatest
among you will be your servant so I
became the errand boy for the disc
jockeys i was serving them they'll get
their lunch and dinner and are coming to
control watch them working the control
room knobs and switches knowing my time
will come let us sit together my time
will come when i'll be a top producer I
want i'll come up on stage and they call
my name because of my accomplishment my
time will call because i'm going to put
forth the effort
and so on the weekends when the
discharges will come out to the parking
lot the cars we clean the inside out and
said hey who did this I did sir how much
do you charge young man oh nothing sir
just want to help out right this out
bill relationships build relationships
give before you ask people to come into
your business find some way to
compliment them talk to them ask them
questions find out what's important to
them
what's stressing them out what keeps him
up at night what drives them what they
value don't advance with the business
people do business with people they know
like and trust that's why you want to
tell the story and as key questions you
want to be strategic that experience you
write this up you have an energy
signature people the feeling you out
there listening to you they're watching
you
and so it said look here my car keys
young men don ross and the supremes are
coming time the four tops and the
temptations I want you to pick him up at
the airport and take them to the
fountainbleau hotel on Miami Beach it is
my pleasure to serve you sir i would
drive these entertainers all over Miami
Beach and the discharges big long
Catholics I didn't have any drivers
license but I Drive like a hat so
then one day is a saturday afternoon or
discharged by the name of rocket roger
was drinking while he was on the air
rock'n Roger got so drunk he could not
complete the show he began to start his
words he's about to fall off the chair
is a saturday afternoon i was only one
they're looking at into the control room
window walking back and fall
ya ready and hungry I was
sandragel broad drink drank rock hard on
getting some often asked me to then
pretty soon the phone ring
it was a general manager said hello he
said young boy this is mr. Clyde I said
I know
he's a rock and finish the program i
said i know is that what you call one of
the other djs then I said yes sir
hung the phone up and now he must be
think i'm crazy i call my mama and my
girlfriend Cassandra as that y'all come
out on the front porch turn up the radio
i'm back to come on there
I windfall by 20 minutes and I calling
back as that mr. client i can't find
nobody hears that young boy United work
to controls us that yes sir he said
going on set with the records but don't
you say nothing here I said yes sir I
could wait to get all rotted away i put
on a fast record i said look out this is
me lb Triple P les brown your planner
plan Papa that were not before me and
that will be not after me
therefore that makes me the one and only
young and single of domingo certified
bona fide duly qualified to bring you
satisfaction in a whole lot of action
look out baby I'm your love man i was
hungry getting home and around the phone
was angry I was wondering I was
wondering you gotta be hungry
shake someone's hand on your right and
left and say you gotta be hungry do that
right now shake somebody else's hand so
you gotta be hungry
people are hungry believe if you do what
is easy
your life will be hard but if you do
what is hard
your life will be easy people are hard
to believe what zigzag when he said you
give enough people what they want they
will give you what you want people that
are hungry believe always tried to get
on top of life because the bottom it's
overcrowded people that are hungry on
uncommon people there say yes to their
dreams they say yes to an opportunity
where they can develop their
entrepreneurial skills where they can
develop their mind and their leadership
skills where they can become versatile
and flexible and creative bill of
business they can be part of people that
hungry have a vision of themselves when
they leave him leaving a legacy and not
liabilities people that hungry
understand that most people died aged 25
and don't get buried two other 65
because they're not willing to take a
chance on themselves people that are
hungry a rare breed their risk takers
I don't know what you want to do seem
like yesterday when I was the new kid on
the block now it's 68 on the old-time
you think people in their forties roll
968 i feel like i said that the Lord
and I know I look young for 68 because i
use my scared to cover migrated here
don't ask every the marina he has been
scary she said oh you look just fine i
can say daddy you look distinguished
with your gray hair as the 16 I'm not
trying to distinguish I'm trying to do
what I tell you the story
don't tell anybody please i gave this
speech at the George don't and after i
finish it's called it's not over until I
win and after i finish somebody came
backstage mr. Brown I know you're tired
and at an out speaker council do you
have enough energy to do another problem
is the dome time so we can pay your full
fear $25,000 as in the market is able
they took over to the judges world
congress center
it was an intimate setting people very
close to state so i looked in the role
and then I went to restroom and got
below Mademoiselle mascara out to cover
grain you know ever brushed a shit
everything so i can remove the lady
wanted everybody to know that she knew
me so she said various Les Brown I came
up on the same she holds the cheek out
for me kiss it
I kissed on the cheek and left his big
black smudge on our face was that oh my
god sorry go to this i just sat down so
the people down front . saying there's
something on your face
he looks at me she said one of this land
that I don't know their one knows the
lady went over to open her pocketbook
and gave our mirror
well nobody asked her to do that getting
the kool-aid don't know the flavor
she looks it see the big black smudge on
her face she's at how did this get here
what do you think maybe some of this
rock off well-reasoned tell you this
don't worry if I kiss you today cuz
Marines there you don't need you be
justify you look distinguished you want
ever hoping you'd like to learn how to
improve your presentation skills yeah
we're under webinar that will walk you
through a process then and teach you how
to tell your story so you can speak in
your community and volunteer basis then
and be able to make a difference i don't
really like to make a difference that
you start raise your hands very good we
will show you how to do this I've been
doing this down for 40 years I'll love
and admire Eric worry for who he is
me as a friend but the passion that he
has given you the tools that you need
not just the mindset but the skill set
of what it takes to build a strong
multi-level marketing business i can
tell you based upon my experience and
he's not paying me to be here
he's got a blue light special going on
this is my friend that I love me one of
the few people who call me and i'll get
on a flight
it only had four hours of sleep to come
and speak i was very subdued and
conservative today but I love and admire
you i like to leave this with you after
leaving zigs memorial yesterday was a
great man who contributed so much to so
many people I said God let me touch and
change millions of people's lives like
Singh has done let me make my mark i
create incredible mom let me touch
hearts and minds like you touch me when
I first saw him and I drove many miles
for 500 miles to see him in general and
dr. norman vincent peale and Charlie
tremendous Jones that may be an
instrument to give people hope to
inspire them to expand their skillset to
encourage them to create collaborative
achievement driven supportive
relationships god
let me live a life that counts
that means something to people helped me
to be able to inspire people like mr.
Washington inspired me like mike
williams my mentor for the past 43 years
who saw something in me I could not see
in myself who believed in me when I
didn't believe it myself
please that'd be live a life that
matters won't leave this with you this
stage of my life
my goal is to train 100,000 speakers who
will have 1 message hope skill set and
collaborative relationships that will
change how people think how they feel
and how they act 100,000 people outside
of religion and outside of politics both
of which i believe polarized and divide
people 100,000 ordinary people who want
to live an extraordinary life God give
me the stamina and division to use my
gift that you have given me to work with
people who are hungry to make their
lives cow i won't leave this with you
that my mother used to love to say to me
when she was in pain
Leslie yes ma'am coming here yes mama
what is it baby see the thing for me boy
that makes me feel good
yes my mom my mother's dream was the
reins seven children she'd have to make
sure we had a roof over head and food on
the table and she never fail we never
went to sleep hungry
she's a hard worker and she had faith I
remember the first home I border
is home she saw as a mama how you like
that she said if I lived in something
like that I would feel like mrs.
Rockefeller she didn't know I had
planned to get that home for i purchased
the home and I said mama I think I know
the people who live there you do I said
yes ma'am I said stop in and say hello
and i drove then I opened the door and
she got out of mom at that time around
76 she held my arm and we're walking
toward the house she looked at how
beautiful this house will she let me
show you know these people
yes ma'am I do and we got to the door
and I I couldn't hold it anymore i reach
in my pocket and took the key out and
not put it in the door I said mrs.
Rockefeller this is your home she said
lastly what are you talking about it
said mama I bought this you push the
dolphin she's stuck here the dossier
anybody who I said no mama
nobody's here this is yours is fully
furnished multi-level marketing made
that happen
this is going to happen for you it's
already happened for some of you mama
has since passed she was born over the
six just like saying I remember walking
around the house looking and said thank
you Jesus thank you Jesus
and lastly you are such a problem give
you were so crazy is that I know mama
but i'm rich down
I dedicate this to the dream and you
said I think for me boy
yes ma'am if you want to think that
enough to go out and fight for it to
work day and night for to give up your
time your peace and your sleep for of
all that you dream and schemes about and
I seems useless and worthless without it
and if you got his sweat for in front
for the plan for and lose all your
terror of the opposition for and if you
simply going to that thing that you want
with all of your capacity strengthens
our gas today
faith hope and confidence and stern
pertinacity.........Habits Of The Wealthy